

I used Claude Sonnet 4.6 with the prompt "I need you to generate a C++ class to represent a Gaussian"
To generate the class in AI_gaussian.cc

The class starts off be declaring the public functions.

It declares a default constructor with a mean of 0.0 and standard deviation of 1.0 using member 
initialisation lists. Normally you would let the compiler create a default constructor for you but
in the case of a gaussian distribtion having these default values makes sense.

Next a constructor with two input parameters for the mean and stdev are defined. With error
checking on the standard deviation to make sure it is greater than 0.0.

It then gives accessor(getter) functions for mean, standard deviation(sigma) and variance. Though
in class we were told often these are unnessecary when they provide no additional functionality 
outside of giving the variables values. The variance getter does calculate the variance in the
getter but the other two only return the value. 

It then defines four member functions for pdf, cdf, inverse cdf and log of the pdf.
All four of these are defined as const which makes sense as none of these functions should change
any of the variables defined in the class.

It then overloads two operators the + and * operators. Both of these are const and the + operator
takes a const reference to another gaussian object. The * operator accepts a double value.

Then there is a const member function which gives a single random sample from a gaussian distribtion.
This function takes a input of a mt19937 from the standard library. This is a type of random number
generator which allows you to get the random output. It then uses a standard library container called
normal_distribution to store the sample and returns the normal_distribution sample.

There are three more member functions listed under utilites. The first returns the z score of the object.
The second one calculates the KL divergence. It is a const function the accepts a const reference to
another gaussian object. The last utility function is a to_string function to allow the mean and 
standard deviation values be easily printed in string format. All three of these functions are const
as none modify any values in the class.

The access modifier is changed to private and two double variables are defined for mean and sigma.

There is then a static helper function called rational_approx which is called in the inverse cdf 
function. Static means it is function that is directly tied to the class and not to any object of the
class. This function makes sense to be in the class as it only makes sense when operating within the
context of the class. I couldn't find any C++ guideline that would explain why you would necessarily
make this function static. While this part of the function does not need access to the member variables
it is used in the inverse cdf function which does require member variables. The inverse cdf function
does not do much more work and functionally serves as a wrapper for the rational_approx function.
The splitting of these function can be justified under the guideline F.2 where a function should do a
single logical function but I do not know if it necessarily does deserve being split as I do not know
if you would need to use rational_approx in another context.

The final part of the file is a function declared outside the class which is to overload the * 
operator to deal with scalar by gaussian multiplication when the scalar is written on the left side.
It uses the inline keyword to tell the compiler to try to inline the function when called. The purpose
of the function is to deal with compiler errors from when you try to multiply a scaler on the left
with an object of the gaussian class on the right. It simply calls the multiplication in the reverse
order which will use the overloaded operator of the class which was written earlier.


